README.md, before:

# **<span class="underline">Profisee Kubernetes</span>**

This repository contains all the ways to deploy the Profisee platform to Kubernetes.

## AWS-ELS-CLI

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/tree/master/AWS-EKS-CLI#deploy-profisee-platform-on-to-aws-elastic-kubernetes-services-eks) for all the scripts needed to deploy Profisee Platform to AWS EKS (Elastic Kubernetes services) via the aws cli.

## Azure-ARM

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/blob/master/Azure-ARM/README.md#deploy-profisee-platform-on-to-aks-using-arm-template) for all the templates to deploy Profisee Platform to AKS via ARM templates.

## Azure-Powershell

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/tree/master/Azure-Powershell#deploy-profisee-platform-to-aks-using-powershell) for all the scripts needed to deploy Profisee Platform to AKS via Azure Powershell.

## GCP-CLI

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/tree/master/GCP-CLI#deploy-profisee-platform-on-to-google-cloud-platform-gcp-kubernetes) for all the scripts needed to deploy Profisee Platform to Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Kubernetes via the gcp cli.

Commit message:

feat: Enhance README with monitoring and logging details for Azure Log Analytics

README.md, after:

# **<span class="underline">Profisee Kubernetes</span>**

This repository contains all the ways to deploy the Profisee platform to Kubernetes.

## AWS-ELS-CLI

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/tree/master/AWS-EKS-CLI#deploy-profisee-platform-on-to-aws-elastic-kubernetes-services-eks) for all the scripts needed to deploy Profisee Platform to AWS EKS (Elastic Kubernetes services) via the aws cli.

## Azure-ARM

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/blob/master/Azure-ARM/README.md#deploy-profisee-platform-on-to-aks-using-arm-template) for all the templates to deploy Profisee Platform to AKS via ARM templates.

## Azure-Powershell

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/tree/master/Azure-Powershell#deploy-profisee-platform-to-aks-using-powershell) for all the scripts needed to deploy Profisee Platform to AKS via Azure Powershell.

## Azure-Terraform

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/tree/master/Azure-Terraform#deploy-profisee-platform-to-aks-using-terraform) for all the Terraform configurations needed to deploy Profisee Platform to AKS via Terraform Infrastructure as Code.

## GCP-CLI

[Home](https://github.com/profisee/kubernetes/tree/master/GCP-CLI#deploy-profisee-platform-on-to-google-cloud-platform-gcp-kubernetes) for all the scripts needed to deploy Profisee Platform to Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Kubernetes via the gcp cli.
